Updated images and modified industrial edge doc (#3)
hybrid-cloud-patterns/docs: industrial-edge/troubleshooting.md

## Installation-phase Failures

> There framework for deploying the applications and their operators has been made very for the user 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The framework for deploying the applications and their operators has been made easy for the user 
```
